added description to select region for bedrock (#33498)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/llm_observability/evaluations/managed_evaluations/_index.md

1. Select a specific managed evaluation. This will open the evalution editor window.
1. Select the LLM application(s) you want to configure your evaluation for.
1. Select **OpenAI**, **Azure OpenAI**, **Anthropic**, or **Amazon Bedrock** as your LLM provider and choose an account.

>     1. If selecting **Amazon Bedrock** select the region for which the account is available in. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. If you select **Amazon Bedrock**, choose the region for which the account is available in. 
```
